a finance minister more among these classics
hides the Pocketbook 360
that is just imagine
I can do that
that reveals a 5 inches there is none
with 16 shades of gray
No resolution of 800 by 600 pixels
which corresponds to the resolution of a 6 inches that and then that results
just
on the 5 inch display 4 overall everything is shown a bit smaller
is shown as a 6-inch display
but also a bit sharper
Nestmann relation to put
Daum had stopped
Sony Reader prs-505
brought and you can see very clearly the different sizes the
two devices in front
what makes that also 000 show
in particular him also that works first scarcely 5 4 although calls 80 grams
By the way, he weighs the same amount of beer, he is 600 after I trade
becomes
and the pocketbook 360 ° brings 150 grams is already a big one
Difference of only 30 grams, that's about the same as an iPhone and
that made Rosenthal already noticeable
with the Pocket Book 3 60 m
m carton
was what i found very good
the majority
Prof that is probably not the case
Pound a tighten the US Fed have with them the device with the dancing computer
Connected that
the pocketbook can actually be expired
So you have the alternative if you believe it puts last attach
was in points
synchronized on the PC and
abroad
I manage devices instead, moment
the main navigation there with this 4 Gia navigation cross here
with percentages of Toscana meters
in addition, I have her second lumbering shoulder buttons but
relatively rarely used
the composite with which very little weight percent
Niklas Ehrhardt's Usability made it easy to use the device
for several hours also Dr
So the problem is one hand hold with a subsequent one
and
can handle it well
the army relative to the main menu
to big also with relatively many functions
on Tuesday 1 that's bitter
even notes that's all at almost seven minutes in length
Other leg news from among themselves than rss-feed will be the ones with the
Pocketbook software can be downloaded to the device
and then, so to speak, stay can be read on the go
that wants the modules or w-lan capability brings the pocketbook
actually not anymore
that means I have to be percent like the news daily from the PC
Poland and
with the device are not theirs
there but still redevelop Dictionary
that I would have come to speak
have a calendar
and then they also advertise what for example send calculator Resta
drove
and what percent forbid
another term for bookmarks, so to speak
and 20
his painted books
and Pathfinder
the biography of Shu with
Called Andy Kapp
get the document is a medium font size that shows you
easily adjust percent can also be almost
Dr stepless
In addition, one can apply the script to the appropriate know-how of the document
to adjust
then what happened also percent
who wants to have sex
or percent left are now revenges are worth
Adapt Michaelis
and then beyond that
Dieckmann the leading a full document with English words
if I had read or read a complex English book there now
Book where from time to time sometimes that English occurs
and some foreign language spoken better
Apple's percent to the stock market works well to hear dry food 60
I earn one buys
to grow as a future shape
and had already selected a little company Dictionary before
Gmunden fell almost five percent in Aachen
Gartemann painted husband I come on
complete complete navigation hereby
Tax enforcement 1 so one word per click can be said by Procap up
Zeiler
What we are not good substitute again if represented
in the year the program
that never brings 600 again and and learn just as a function
which allows right when frolicking something that works in principle as well
Do not ask any further questions
I'm going out again
click next we see
to scroll is noticeably faster than the Sony again
from the hand as the old to never again the prs-600 percent singing club
Level with the British
I'll tell you what the 360 ​​has a pocketbook 360 different varieties
The device is responsible for this
as shown here to offer text displayed
Call Rapids
Actors broad, so to speak
and percent what the navigation he is displaying open is that I stay
Contex in principle Nobili can get displayed in the direction of a and percent that
Device then, so to speak
with the left hand
can serve
in six percent even let ads
I've seen it all with percent in the menu made this menu item
Percent though it's one with a so-called the sensor
in the on-board program 60 gives
who actually has the text against people automatically but only sporadically
and never works as well as today
So the function is not mature yet
He did not say that, but he drove the point
there and with one two two clicks percent can align with a text like
I need him
okay Pocketbook confuses much of my mistakes
No easy-to-use device records and usage even more
a bit more
costing
250 euros will be reduced
October are to be had without professional sales in
Germany
that is the device
Percent gives that far over the world
mainly with a Russian one billion
with the Russian men Russian packaging also us there
to the German unit as a pdf file
I would be happy if the pocketbook is also a bit bigger
Dissemination takes place
we really have in Germany percent also in the process at bare 5 inches
Readers could get as a big choice could come
embarrassing to find such a 5 inch June that already
yes, another target group also appeals to suddenly
enable more mobility
compared to
Bruni again, for example, can make such a 6 inch Sony Reader
So with running back to bigger
Dr
Zones as I said before I know the fifth pole of the St
why did it miss Hungary's Caputher See?
Pocketbook so the name says it already
I also wake up Yusen bag what Professor Becker
to have to always have it with you
who is there too I wish him to be this
Any devices spread quickly and that too is actually open in
Germany
to be available will be on a larger scale